# market-entry-questionnaire
This is a questionnaire which takes input from students of the electronic gadgets 
which they often use during their time at school or there own free time. The 
questionnaire focuses on students from Malawi University of Business and Applied 
Sciences.This questionnaire serves as a market or product feasibility questionnaire 
to help market entrants know which products to sell whilst on college campus.The 
information gathered will help either a student, who wants to venture into business 
whilst at college or a business entity operating in the college's shops.

A user of the form shall only select between two devices either the smartphone or 
laptop then, on the brands they shall be selected according to choice from above.
The follow up questions demand reason for clarity on device preferences. lastly, a 
price and date of purchase is also important to help the entrepreneurs know how to 
set the new prices with an idea of new inflation rates.  
 
After submitting the form a window will pop up to notify or alert the user whether 
his form submission was successful or not. This is capable through the use of of 
checkForm.js file. After this a user must be sent to the a new page saying 'Thank 
you!' just to reinforce the pop up window message of successful form submission. 
This was done using internal javascript link to index.html file by setting a 
timeout function for 2s. If the Document Object Model(DOM) for the conclusion.html 
file was rendered in timethe page is shown.

The footer of the page in index.html was created using footer.js where it 
automatically getsthe new full year as the copyright year. PCbrands and PCbrand2 are 
there to help toggle the list of brands depending upon the selected checkbox in 
question 1.

The appreance of the form was done using style.css only and the form is only visible 
on devices with screen sizes from 500px to 1440px as of now. In near future, css 
media queries will help to offer the pages responsive features to allow phone users 
to access the page with no difficulty.  
